Controversy as a Marketing Strategy
Automate the Data Management ProcessRealtime Kibana Dashboard for a financial tech firmData Management, ETL, and Data AutomationData Management – EGEASHow To Secure (SSL) Nginx with Let’s Encrypt on Ubuntu (Cloud VM, GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode) and Add DomainDeploy and view React app(Nextjs) on cloud VM such as GCP, AWS, Azure, LinodeDeploy Nodejs app on a cloud VM such as GCP, AWS, Azure, LinodeGrafana Dashboard – Oscar AwardsRising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040.Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in FutureInternet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative PathwaysRise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming FutureAI/ML and Predictive ModelingSolution for Contact Centre ProblemsHow to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application?Code Review ChecklistOrganizations burn a lot of resources to build one iconic image. Their brand is not just a picture, a logo, and colors; but an emotional connection with the consumer. It develops by making an impression on the consumers each time they interact with the products or services and it becomes ingrained in the consumers’ minds. Now, if it takes great efforts to build such impression, recognition, and trust, why would a firm do something controversial that could burn their own hands?We see hundreds of ads a day, but only a few get noticed. Here is where a controversy comes into play. We would definitely notice something that disagrees with our thoughts or mentally disturbs us. So, such ads stand out. In controversy marketing, a firm creates a controversy which gains them attention really quick, and the word spreads widely. They believe that in order to stand out, they can’t play it safe always. A controversial campaign could be about a social issue that could divide the masses, stating political opinions, or presenting something that doesn’t associate with their image etc.Key features of a well-crafted controversial campaign:Advantages of controversial marketing: Disadvantages of controversial marketing:Examples of controversial marketing strategies:In the end, we can say that controversial marketing is a double-edged sword. On one side, it benefits the firm by increasing its reach to the masses, and making more people conscious about the brand; on the other, it puts the brand value itself at stake. So, it has to be carefully planned, and a backup measure should always be kept ready to reduce the impact in case it backfires.  Every such campaign should be thoroughly weighed in for the losses and benefits before execution.We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise.Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com© All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd